alright so in this video we are going to
find some treasure in Serie Dell
specifically serial treasure map sevens
treasure which looks just like this so
you're going to want to start outside
for Dragon Claw which on your Cyrodiil
map is the northernmost keep right up
here and then you're going to want to
head east because that's where the
treasure is almost there and so I put a
marker on the map and it's right in this
lake in the middle of this lake is where
the treasure is
just outside for dragon o'clock to the
east
and here we are doesn't that look just
like the map all right so now to find
the treasure dirt now
hidden treasure what do we got
alright 34 goals like little stamina
find your soul Jim I'd built Magica know
what it expected a little more but that
is where you will find the treasure for
serie dome map 7 good luck guys